
## Introduction
Academic records have always been very important for people in today's modern life because they can indicate people’s knowledge, competence, skill, expertise, and even academic character whether a person has put in an effort to study. Academic records can be used to apply for scholarships for further study and job employment. It is precisely because of the importance of academic records that many people attempt to tamper or falsify their academic records. Fraudulent academic records have long been a serious concern, especially in high-level education and the extant method is either difficult to identify the authenticity of an academic record or long time taking to complete the verification. Although some institutions have started to use digital transcripts online, these online transcripts are generally designed to be used only one time. They are almost the equivalent of paper-based transcripts that can be easily copied, and naturally, the records are not very secure \cite{selingo2017future}. Thus, a security mechanism for storing documents to ensure the information is original, integrity, authenticity, and easily verified has become a critical need in computer science. In this study, a blockchain-based approach was proposed to store academic records to achieve the authenticity and tamper resistance of academic records, which also enables easy verification from authorized third-party organizations.

The proposed approach is that, first of all, every lecturer will be in the role of block builder, and as a score of the student's subject is published a new block will be built by calculating and storing a hash value of the previous block and the signature of the lecturer, secondly, students and authorized third-party organizations will be in the role of verifier, and all the hash values and signatures of related blocks will be verified to ensure the integrity and authenticity of the historical data when they access the student's academic records. Furthermore, the data recovering mechanism in some extreme situations which result in data tampering or loss, will also be proposed and discussed in detail in the later section.
